Adding documentation for ELM questions v1 (#18356)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/accesspackagequestion.md

---
title: "accessPackageQuestion resource type"

> description: "The complex type for questions configured on an access package assignment policy."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the questions configured on an access package assignment policy."
```

> author: "saylee-dharne-msft"

Reviewer: I recommend you maintain Mark's GitHub alias - to direct all customer issues to one POC.

ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessPackageQuestion resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Used for the **accessPackageQuestion** property of an [access package assignment policy](../resources/accesspackageassignmentpolicy.md).

Subtypes include [accessPackageTextInputQuestion](../resources/accesspackagetextinputquestion.md) and [accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion](../resources/accesspackagemultiplechoicequestion.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String| ID of the question.|

> |sequence|Int32| Relative position of this question when displaying a list of questions to the requestor.|

Reviewer 2: What is the smallest possible value? 0? can you have -1 as a sequence?

Author: Looking at the functionality, technically you could without getting any errors since we use this for a relative order.

|isRequired|Boolean| Whether the requestor is required to supply an answer or not.|

> |isAnswerEditable|Boolean| Specifies whether the requestor is allowed to edit answers to questions.|

Reviewer 2: could you mention which API call the requestor would use to edit answers to questions?

> |isAnswerEditable|Boolean| Specifies whether the requestor is allowed to edit answers to questions [by posting an update to accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/entitlementmanagement-post-assignmentrequests.md) |.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isAnswerEditable|Boolean| Specifies whether the requestor is allowed to edit answers to questions [by posting an update to accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/entitlementmanagement-post-assignmentrequests.md). |
```

|text|String|The text of the question to show to the requestor.|

> |localizations|Collection([accessPackageLocalizedText](../resources/accesspackagelocalizedtext.md))|The text of the question represented in a format for a specific locale.|

Reviewer 2: see earlier comment on collection syntax.
